# test_repository
This is a test
For this project I will be the only team member. Due to my schedule I cannot reliably work with others and their schedules, so in order to avoid letting my team mates down I decided to work alone. I am currently planning on implimenting a linked list system in some way. My best example would be to use a linked list to show how mail was tranfered cross country during the 1800's. Each town would be a node and would have a distance between it and the next town. I could also use graphs for this, but I am more comfortable with linked lists and I beleive that I can acheive the goals I want with linked lists. I can use this system to show mail delivery across the country and showing the total distance traveled. 

The code is best used in the terminal with command line arguments. The virtual box is the best machine to use with this code, just for simplicity's sake. This code is based on the assignment that we used linked lists to create a communications network. It has many new fuctions. The new fucntions includ:e counting the total citys in the list, counting the cities between two cities, deleting a city, showing the cities between two cites and a new function where when a message is transmitted the user has to type a reply that is then sent back to the head of the list. The main menue is very self explanatory but i encourage you to explore. There are no dependencies for this code. The code is both written as a file and stored as a .zip file here on github you can copy and paste the code or download the .zip. Currently I have no problems with the code everything is working upon submission
